Perfect.
Hello from slide.
Hello from Slide.
Now we just need to adjust this output to actually look like a slide.
So to save a little bit of typing and to give us at least 50% of the way immediately, let's just borrow
code from banner.
Dot up.
So jump into banner, dot up.
Just select everything in here.
Copy it into your clipboard.
Back in.
Slide dot.
Get rid of this placeholder and paste in your clipboard.
Okay.
Leave this up.
That fetches the default background image.
We can leave that in place in this HTML down here.
Get rid of the opening div tag and then that means we can get rid of the very closing div tag too.
Now, on this div that has a class of page banner, big image, and then it's got the style that outputs
the background image.
Let's leave this div in place, but let's change its class value.
So hollow out the class value it would instead be.
Hero.
Dash.
Slider.
Underscore.
Slide.
Okay.
So that div opens here.
But then you'll see all on one line.
It's closing div tag ends on the same line.
That's fine.
But everything below that, let's just give ourselves a clean slate.
Now let's drop down so that we have a new line where this div opens and closes like this.
And inside this div, let's just nest a little bit of content.
So let's have a div opening and closing and give it a class of hero dash slider underscore underscore
interior space container inside that div.
Let's nest another div and this will have a class.
So opening and closing, give it a class of hero dash, slider, underscore, underscore, overlay,
and then a space t dash center.
This has nothing to do with WordPress.
This is just for a specific CC design.
However, inside this inner most div now we can actually output the dynamic content.
So we would just drop into P and say echo dollar sign content semicolon.
Let's give that a save and now see what it looks like on the front end.
So if I refresh.
You might need to move your cursor off of the slideshow.
But eventually it will start sliding through.
Perfect.
You can also use the dots.
So we only have two slides.
That's why there's only two dots.
But you can also click and sort of drag to animate forward.
Perfect.
There's just two more details I want to take care of before this feature is complete.
So, number one, I want to go adjust our JavaScript so that you can have multiple slideshows per page.
Because what if you wanted a slideshow here, but then maybe up at the very top you wanted another slideshow.
So I'll show you how to make our slideshow JavaScript dynamic.
But first, let's take care of the editor screen so that the edit interface actually has the same appearance,
right?
With the dark, semi-transparent black background around the text content.
So to fix that, we would just go in to our slide JS file and look for the edit component JS X.
So for me, it's around line number 59 and we would just replay those same steps.
So I would get rid of this overall div with the class of page banner, get rid of the closing matching
div.
On this opening div, I would change its class to hero dash slider underscore underscore slide.
Then because its closing div is on the same line, I would drop down inside there.
I'd have a div with a class of hero dash slider underscore underscore interior unit tablets.
Also give that a class of container inside of that div, I'd have a div with a class of hero dash slider
underscore underscore overlay hit tab.
Also give that a class of t dash center and then nested inside that div is where you'd finally have
your inner blocks so you can just move or cut and paste the inner blocks line that we already have right
here.
Just cut and paste that to live inside our new gsx.
And then you can see I still had this unnecessary div down at the bottom with a class of page banner
underscore, underscore content.
So I would just get rid of that line of code, give that a save back on the edit screen if we refresh.
Scroll back down to our slideshow.
Perfect.
Now we've got that exact slide styling going on.
Now for our final detail, let's make sure that our slideshow block is very flexible.
And what I mean by that is what if you wanted to have more than one slideshow on a single page?
We want to make sure that our JavaScript is resilient.
So just for a quick test, let's add a secondary slideshow right about here.
So right below the page banner up at the very top.
So right about here, I will add there it is.
Slideshow.
And actually to save a bunch of clicking, let me undo that.
You know what we can do?
That would be a lot faster.
Just copy and paste this instance that we've already set up.
We can use this icon up here.
So if you hover over it, it reads list view.
Let's click on that and then just click on the overall slideshow.
Here it is.
So that selects it in its entirety.
And then you can just click these three dots here and you can copy and paste, or you can just click
the duplicate option.
So click duplicate.
Cool.
So now we've got two slideshows so you can close the list view.
But the idea is now there's an exact clone of it.
So let's just move one of them up to live right there.
So now we've got our page banner, one slide show, then our events and blogs and then another slideshow.
So if we save that and refresh the front end, you'll see that our JavaScript is not very resilient.
So it's getting confused, right?
There's only two slides per slide show, but now there's four dots on this first instance of the slide
show.
And then if you scroll down, the second slide show is completely messed up.
So this really has nothing to do with WordPress.
But I want to show you how to fix this essentially in our text editor.
I just need you to jump in to the CRC folder and then modules and then hero slider dot.
Jess, you can see the code that I originally wrote only looks for a single and sort of the first instance
of an element with this class.
So there are a million different ways you could adjust this code.
But here's what I'm thinking before this if statement but still in the constructor, let's just say
kannst all slideshows equals.
And then it would be document dot, query selector all to select multiple instances and then string
of text dot hero dash slider.
Then right below that we would just loop through that.
So I'd say all slideshows dot for each parentheses to call that.
Inside of that you'd give it a functions function parentheses curly brackets in these parentheses for
the function make up a parameter name could be x, could be unicorn, could be pizza, let's just name
it maybe current slide show.
So now we're just going to loop through whether there's two slideshows on the page or ten inside this
function.
We're going to perform these actions once for each of them.
So what I would do now is just borrow this code.
So I would begin selecting from this count how many?
So I'd place my cursor right there, and then I would just scroll down until the end of Glide Mount.
So I want all of that.
I'd cut it into my clipboard.
We can get rid of this if statement.
We don't need that any longer.
And then in this function that we just set up paste in your clipboard.
Cool.
Now let's just make a few adjustments.
So now we want to adjust these selectors to be specific to the current slide show they're working with.
So instead of on this line, for example, dot count, instead of searching the entire DOM, the entire
web page instead of document, dot query selector, all this would be current slide show dot query selector,
right?
So it's specific to that one.
Then around line 17, we do the same thing, right?
Instead of document, query selector here it would be current slide showed up, query selector.
Let's give this a save and test it out.
So back on the home page if we refresh.
Whoops.
So at the end of our code when we actually leverage glide.
So down here we're creating a variable called lowercase glide, new instance of the glide plug in.
We obviously need this selector to be dynamic, right, instead of just looking for the first instance
of this in the dorm.
So when you see new uppercase glide just hollow out this value instead of this string of text, it would
be current slideshow.
Let's give that a save refresh one more time.
And now we're in business.
So each slideshow has the correct two dots, right?
There's two slides in each one, and they both function independent of each other.
You can even super zoom out just to see that one can advance without the other and to close out the
lesson.
I won't bore you with this, but I just spent off camera a little bit of time to type in actual text
values and use background images that make sense.
Right?
So an apple, a day free food with the bread image, you get the idea at this point, our front page
template is basically complete.
I just need to get rid of this bogus banner block that I added but never used, and then also this bogus
query loop block that I never used.
So really quick, if I get rid of those two, I'll delete the empty banner block down here and get rid
of this.
Welcome to our site heading.
Let me just use this icon up here.
I'll click on the query loop block as a whole and just choose the three dots.
Remove that cool.
So from top to bottom, we've got our header, our page banner, our events and blogs, our slideshow,
and then our footer.
If we save that and refresh the front end, we are in business from this point forward.
In the chapter, we're just going to start creating the actual templates for all of the pages you might
expect.
So single blog posts, single pages, archive screens.
I zoom in a little bit, our custom pages for the my notes feature custom post types, right, like
individual professors, the programs, so on and so forth.
At the end of this, we're going to end up with a whole collection of templates.
So remember our templates folder will have an entire collection of HTML files that use our blocks in
different ways, and they will provide sort of the home base that the user can always revert back to.
Let's keep our momentum rolling and I will see you in the next lesson.